usual : adjective
qualified : adjective
equivalent : adjective
mandatory : adjective
hard : adjective
incomplete : adjective
informational : adjective
impractical : adjective
direct : adjective
unauthorized : adjective
protective : adjective
absolute : adjective
relative : adjective
legible : adjective
required : adjective
anonymized : adjective
seamless : adjective
aggregate : adjective
automatic : adjective
automated : adjective
broader : adjective
safer : adjective
predictive : adjective
enforceable : adjective
valid : adjective
automattic : adjective
comfortable : adjective
preferred : adjective
special : adjective
original : adjective
efficient : adjective
most : adjective
useful : adjective
real : adjective
general : adjective
systematic : adjective
necessary : adjective
great : adjective
easier : adjective
periodic : adjective
affirmative : adjective
sole : adjective
verifiable : adjective
good : adjective
timely : adjective
satisfied : adjective
optimal : adjective
aggregated : adjective
periodical : adjective
natural : adjective
correct : adjective
responsive : adjective
single : adjective
important : adjective
proper : adjective
unique : adjective
essential : adjective
complete : adjective
understandable : adjective
optional : adjective
permissible : adjective
supervisory : adjective
daily : adjective
only : adjective
voluntary : adjective
regular : adjective
meaningful : adjective
compelling : adjective
fundamental : adjective
identified : adjective
sufficient : adjective
particular : adjective
impossible : adjective
compliant : adjective
committed : adjective
authorized : adjective
designated : adjective
current : adjective
targeted : adjective
vital : adjective
incompatible : adjective
statutory : adjective
unlikely : adjective
disproportionate : adjective
strict : adjective
separate : adjective
accurate : adjective
friendly : adjective
explicit : adjective
suitable : adjective
precise : adjective
possible : adjective
minimum : adjective
sensitive : adjective
certain : adjective
interesting : adjective
comprehensive : adjective
improved : adjective
potential : adjective
desirable : adjective
customized : adjective
mindful : adjective
interested : adjective
eligible : adjective
perfect : adjective
intended : adjective
immediate : adjective
effective : adjective
competent : adjective
uncertain : adjective
unaccepted : adjective
better : adjective
approximate : adjective
clear : adjective
vague : adjective
unnecessary : adjective
visible : adjective
reasonable : adjective
transparent : adjective
unambiguous : adjective
appropriate : adjective
acceptable : adjective
occasional : adjective
reliable : adjective
persistent : adjective
inconsistent : adjective
standard : adjective
supplementary : adjective
specific : adjective
similar : adjective
unlawful : adjective
respective : adjective
prominent : adjective
inappropriate : adjective
related : adjective
significant : adjective
legitimate : adjective
inaccurate : adjective
associated : adjective
adequate : adjective
broad : adjective
unsupervised : adjective
alternative : adjective
prospective : adjective
specified : adjective
ever : adverb
potentially : adverb
usually : adverb
regularly : adverb
sufficiently : adverb
otherwise : adverb
occasionally : adverb
remotely : adverb
periodically : adverb
typically : adverb
maybe : adverb
partly : adverb
routinely : adverb
soon : adverb
later : adverb
previously : adverb
forward : adverb
normally : adverb
back : adverb
generally : adverb
probably : adverb
often : adverb
commonly : adverb
indirectly : adverb
reasonably : adverb
unreasonably : adverb
sometimes : adverb
before : adverb
tipically : adverb
mainly : adverb
might : adverb
predominantly : adverb
similarly : adverb
above : adverb
carefully : adverb
frequently : adverb
quickly : adverb
locally : adverb
legally : adverb
primarily : adverb
successfully : adverb
voluntarily : adverb
safely : adverb
knowingly : adverb
efficiently : adverb
promptly : adverb
fully : adverb
only : adverb
already : adverb
exclusively : adverb
directly : adverb
particularly : adverb
independently : adverb
entirely : adverb
expresslly : adverb
additionally  : adverb
individually : adverb
newly : adverb
affirmatively : adverb
onward : adverb
absolutely : adverb
contextually : adverb
optionally : adverb
alternatively : adverb
regardless : adverb
solely : adverb
preciselly  : adverb
immediately : adverb
permanently : adverb
historically : adverb
completely : adverb
intentionaly : adverb
automatically : adverb
strictly : adverb
explicitly : adverb
manually : adverb
separately : adverb
properly : adverb
effectively : adverb
accordingly : adverb
correctly : adverb
globally : adverb
subsequently : adverb
automatically : adverb
continually : adverb
currently : adverb
once : adverb
indefinitely : adverb
directly : adverb
always : adverb
never : adverb
whenever : adverb
anytime : adverb
even : adverb
least : adverb
simply : adverb
less : adverb
long : adverb
wherever : adverb
prior : adverb
last : adverb
just : adverb
partly : adverb
least : adverb
simply : adverb
less : adverb
long : adverb
wherever : adverb
prior : adverb
last : adverb
just : adverb
partly : adverb
mostly : adverb
prominently : adverb
incredibly : adverb
importantly : adverb
strongly : adverb
specially : adverb
first : adverb
extremely : adverb
uniquely : adverb
formerly : adverb
most : adverb
very : adverb
much : adverb
really : adverb
significantly : adverb
more : adverb
longer : adverb
further : adverb
well : adverb
substantialy : adverb
substantially : adverb
better : adverb
satisfactorily : adverb
faster : adverb
could : verb
would : verb
may : verb
might : verb
can : verb
